"Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
Twenty five to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
Twenty five to life
Yeah
Too late
I cant keep chasing 'em
I'm taking my life back
Caught in a change
Twenty five to life

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed
But I've already wasted over half of my life I would've laid
Down and died for you I no longer cried for you
No more pain bitch you
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it
Now my respect I demand it
I'm a take control of this relationship
Command it, and I'm a be the boss of you now goddammit
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left
But you keep treating me like a staircase its time to fucking step
And I wont be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
You know what you've done no need to go in depth
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left
I'd laugh while you wept
Hows it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it, you neglected me
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've said
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
Its unfortunate but its

[Chorus]
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
Twenty five to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase
Twenty five to life

I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
Til I snap
Don't think I'm loyal
All I do is rap
I can not moonlight on the side
I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time
You don't think so do you
Jealous when I spend time with the girls
Why I'm married to you still man I don't know
But tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you
Go marry someone else and make 'em famous
And take away there freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit you made me eat
I'm moving on forget you oh,
Now I'm special? Oh, I didn't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this
Helplessness
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out
I fell for this so many times
Its ridiculous
And still I stick with this
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction
Your as addictive as they get
Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep asking why I cant just walk away
I'm addicted
To the pain, the stress, the drama
I'm drown in so I guess I'm a mess
Cursed and blessed
But this time I'm a
Ain't changing my mind
I'm climbing out this abyss
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke to people who meant the most to you
You left me off your list

Fuck you hip-hop
I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch
And its just

[Chorus]

Too late
Caught in a change
Twenty five to life

"
"Oh oh
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)
Oh oh
Oh
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)
Oh oh
Oh
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)oh(yea)
Oh
Woah
There is no escaping (yo)(yo)
There's no place to hide(yo)(yo)
You scream, someone save me(yo)(yo)
But they don't pave no mind( yo) (yo)
(Good night)
Good bye

Your walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost four in the mornin'
And your in a nightmare
It's horrible
Right there's the coroner
Waitin' for you
To turn the corner
So he can corner ya
Your a goner
He's on a ya
Out the corner of his cornea
He just saw you run
All you want is to rest
Cause you can't run anymore
Your done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody
Is watchin' in the party applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowin' a colata pin
While I'm noddin'
In and out on the ottoman and
If the Ramada Inn
Holdin' onto the pill bottle then
Stick my finger and swirl it round the bottom
And make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at Mcdonald's
With
Blood all over me
Dead bodies
Behind the counter
Shit
Guess I must of just blacked out again
Not again

[Chorus]
It's three am in the mornin'
Put my key in the door
There's bodies layin' all of the floor and
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must of killed em
Killed em
I said
It's three am in the mornin'
Put my key in the door
There's bodies layin' all of the floor and
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must of killed em
Killed em

Sitting nude in my living room
It's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube
Maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel
Until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and lanalin'
Blood all over the wall panel and dismantlin'
Every candle on top of the fire place
Mantalin'
Grab my flannel and my bandana' then
Kiss the naked manequin' man again
You can see him standin' in my
Front window
If you look in
I'm just a hooligan
Who's use to usin' hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again
Brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin
Raise the scissors and pins
Jesus when does it end
Phases that I go through
Dazed and not so confused
Days that I don't know who
Gave these molecules too
Me
What am I gone do
Hey the prodigal son
The diabolical one
Very methodical
When I slaughter dem

[Chorus]

She puts the lotion in the bucket
He puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket
He puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again

I duck and I slash slice and gash
Last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I
Had that much fun
Off a half pint fifth of Jack
My last Vic and a half
A flashlight
Up Kim Kardashians ass

I remember the first time
I dismembered the family member
December I think it was
I was having drinks with my cousin
And I wrapped him
In Christmas lights
Pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces
Then just when I went to drink his
Blood
I thought I outta drink his bath water
That outta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder man slaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me
That might be an artery son
Your blood coverin' screams
Just don't seem to bother me none
It's three am
And here I come
So you should probably run
A secret passage way around here
Man there's got to be one
Oh no there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs
It ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up(up)

[Chorus]

yo (yo)
A yo (a yo)
yo (yo)
A yo (a yo)
yo (yo)
A yo (a yo)
yo (yo)
A yo ( a yo)

"
"I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer [?]
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And aint shit changed
But kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
shit, why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

It's only fair to warn
I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board
That smashed into your Honda Accord
With a 4 door Ford
But I'm more toward droppin an accapella
And choppin' a fella
To mozarella
Worse than a hellacopta propella
Got you locked in the cella
With your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia
While I'm standin next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an iv in your veins
Feeding you liquid darvicet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
It's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream \"I'M STILL ALIVE!\"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit [?]
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit

Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said case closed end of discussion
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombas [?]
We blowin up your house killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I aint making no more threats
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack [?]
Today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath
Walk the block with a labrador
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure

"
"[Intro:]
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate

[Chorus:]
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show
You
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it

[Eminem]

Terrible but not rippable, invincible I hung invisible,
Fucking mistletoe over the world that stuck my ass up under it now pucker
Up them lips and kiss it hoes
Here we go
Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go the competition's miserable we
Stomp them bitches, this is no joke
Going overboard like someone threw us off the boat
Choke, apart from all the smoke
I'm trying to stay on fire so you know if I hate fucking water sprinklers I
Don't want a hoes
Someone left a cat out the bag now it's time to stuff his face
Bag in that bitch thought of that little motherfucker till it suffocates,
Who
You, handeling the? Tryna be so sick when the Bad and Evil was reunited
Hey
Came back to annihilate the games and dive straight this into this highway,
Word of Satan there's a drop full of? Ouija board and I pray
Now I lay me down to sleep, I do this shit in my sleep
So now imagine if I awake!
I'm champ, bitch, I've never tasted Cannibus can never be no damn a wuss so
Pussy never mushy so you can't squish
No where near twisted, in fact if I jump out a? Taxi
Only time you'll hear me say I ambush
Outlandish, these words are weapons that I brandish
Stand off, wish the hoes get your hands off, this can't tie bitch
So why the fuck would I sugar coat it for?
No, fuck protocol, I'd holla at this whore but now my throat is sore

[Chorus:]

Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show
You
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it

[Royce]

Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you trew acid on me,
I'm at your homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin'
Only have
Everything on and around your matrass looking like a world in front of a
Matrimony - you high
Thug yeah, go ahead, jump no matter how high you get, you're gonna come up
Short like Spud Webb
My dui's get waved like saying bye, still rotten with no one else like
James Todd can't change eye
I thank God for my safe thinking last time I was safethinking me and my
Niggers was doing a bank job
I stay violent y'all going to Beach Rock, you got a mouth like Kanye, I
Knock your whole bottom row of teeth out
No disrespecting Mr. West, shit I'm just nice with mine and it's just rap
I'm just like Ricky Hatton, I just like to rhyme
These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough, they ask me for a
Hook I tell em left or right head or gut,
What you're all messing with, is a niggaare that will leave you fubar, fucked
Up beyond all recognition
Y'all are rockstars, I'm the opposite, I could just throw a rock and hit a
Star, for the fuck of it
Partner you not hard I'll body you hot bars, beef has left you praying
Right, like allah hoo akhbar
Let's go, when I leave y'all shot you ain't gonna be on your metro, In a
Bad area they call?

[Chorus:]

Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show
You
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it

"
"It fits perfect

Better watch out sucka now I got ya where I want ya
Onslaught comin' and I'm packin' in my lunch a
Buncha missle launchers 'n a buncha contra
Ban-van full of ganja, now come on ja-
Man stop! Man said, \"Marshall, Oh-my-God, ya
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quad-ra-
Polegic, boogyin' down to Frank Sinatra.\"
Lindsey to the Lohan, naked while you let me watch ya?
Who'd a knew the pew'd a do to me what it's done?
Such sin-a-sism when it isn't in my system.
Blunt-igmatism betta spliff up to my lips son,
So much on my hands, I gotta give my kids a fist-bump.
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin' in my swim trunks,
\"Mista, help me\"'s what he said to me, and then sunk.
Women, skinnin' them and cuttin' them up in chunks,
In clumps, the woman with cocoa-butter skin once.

[Chorus]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill.
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts,
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts.
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills,
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills.
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill.

Always, you can see him lurkin' in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawlspace.
How the hell did he fit, em all into such a small place?
Hide em in the wall, well how long will the drywall take?
Well fuck it then, I've got nothin' but time- I'll wait.
Until it dries, for the moment I guess you're all safe.
After I sand it and buff it, I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's outta gas, my regular saw ain't.
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin',
You can even hear the evil spirits comin' from within.
Someone's in the back of my damn house rummagin',
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want her skin.
Been on the hunt again, when will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you tryin' to fight? You will never win.
Severin' legs, arms, damn there goes another limb.
Pull the lever then, trap door, death is evident.

[Chorus]

Now, what ya know about Buffalo Bill?
Nothin', so chill.
Fuckin' hoe, ya better fuckin' hold still.
Make sure none of that lotion in the bucket don't spill.
Cut em, gut 'em 'n just get to stuffin' those girls.
Man,I think she had enough of those pills,
So take that thing away to come back later, just to clutch in those steel
Blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal,
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin' told you!
I keep hearin' voices, like \"Wouldn't ya like to go an get your butcher knife,
And push it right through her, while ya put your shish-kebab skewers
Into her barbaquer? Would ya do to her
What ya usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?\"
\"In a world of sin-doer, this is turnin' into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornaments you are.\"
I'll be sure to Gin-sue ya til there's no more skin to ya.
Boo-ya, who ya think your fuckin' with?
Duck, because here he comes again.

[Chorus]

"
"Marshall, sounds like an S.O.S.
Holy whack unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin' right!
To the rap mobile, let's go!

Marshall! Marshall!

Bitches and Gentleman!
It's showtime!
Hurry, hurry, step right up!
Introducin' the star of our show, his name is

Marshall!

You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now
So without further ado, I bring to you

Marshall!

You 'bout to witness hip hop in its
Most purest, most rawest form, flow almost flawless
